for
e
e e
for
[Music]
your
stand
dreams are
[Music]
the on the be
will
[Music]
drift stray from
the
[Music]
helled by
World curses unen
[Music]
the
ofer the
end of
inoc byed
and
toity STS
[Music]
hello are we
real become
real
maybe
help I have a cool sounding water bottle
[Laughter]
hello on
second I'm on I'm hello hello
hi hi it's the best of us good morning
it's it's the twice of us hello it's the
twice of
us says the stream will begin shortly
but actually it's right now but I just
like this little thing on
screen I can't see it give me a
second I can't leave this screen on my
iPad otherwise everybody will see my my
my things
look at your
shelves oh I can leave because my
screen n did such a good doll on that I
love it like the little blush and
everything so good it's very good I'm
actually cleaning my glasses oh I can
sing well done
congratulations
congratulations hi so the audio should
be balanced this time I know I keep I
continue to stream with like everything
being way too loud but I think
hopefully the audio should be slightly
more balanced this time
questionably let's hope so
so um hi um whenever Eden and
I stream when cuz I feel like we're
going to do this more maybe
probably I hope so I'll
have her
art her iPad screen on screen most of
the
time and I have it if you hear Last
stream you know about this but like I
have it in the corner and I can also do
this it could be like everyone look at
this this is Eden Eden camera Eden
Cam and it's just right now it's
Fluttershy on screen mhm a little just
just yeah just a little little pH
shy then it be in the screen in the
corner when it's in the normal view as
well so it's
like I'll do nothing most of the time
and then Eden will be drawing and that's
basically what it will be on
these I can't promise I'll always be
drawing
yeah sometimes like my brain can't like
process talking and drawing at the same
time so um but I will try my darar
I don't think I'll be talking that much
anyway so it's okay someone says Astro
Eden ring Elden ring Eden
ring oh my God yes I should draw Elden
ring you're so
right they didn't even say that I know
but should
happen the only Elden ring Pony
crossover I've seen so far is just
torrent in the mil little pony
style oh my
God I I remember seeing that I love that
so much torrance's like my favorite my
favorite character I think actually um I
thought was
Ronnie I do like Ronnie but I really
like but you're biased cuz torr's a
horse yeah I just like horse like deer
like I think cuz it's like got antlers
I'm like ah I like it I like this one
um yeah because things with antlers are
just automatically so cool
it's very true things with antlers are
very cool oh my God I should make this
dra a flutter I have antlers I should do
that wait I accidentally did my screen
saver does that show up on screen on
stream oh it does when I put my screen
saer on on accident and shows up on
stream that's so
great I can't see it right now I have
DVR off so you can't like go and look at
it but
what was
this oh yeah we made this
for maybe this for
um what was it goofy
hubs
yes wait let me do I can't hear it hi by
the way oh I can here I'll also share my
audio with you there you should really
hear it now
but
where that was that one that was that
one this A blank
one un many of them I can't get the
camera to focus entirely on this
creature but I could like push over
here like maybe we could just start this
and I'll like in the chat over here I
can see you
don't worry about these sounds they're
not funny I'm
worried I'm going to make
Fluttershy I think that's a really good
idea actually IDE put that on screen
that's a good
idea thanks dear
I'm actually convinced that I should
make a kick drum out of
this yes do it should do it
okay she's doing it everyone
[Music]
Trixie huh someone wants to know what
our favorite songs from Ken opener's
notebook or it always change it keeps
changing for me so but actually no I
take it back it keeps changing for me
but also it's um I still got something
to teach
you um for
me probably I really like um like these
songs like kayak and um like the ones
without lyrics I really like like a
kayak and um there's a pony and sea
selling seashells um I really like those
because me and Trixie kind of talk about
this but like it's really important for
things to have like what was it called a
mom moment
yeah it's just quiet um you're just left
to think um and with those songs it
really like captures that and I also
really like inter but I'm
biased but um you didn't like intertwine
because it was a self-insert song about
her that I
wrote yeah
yeah good song okay I made a kick drum
out of that sound
this is an actual Kick Drum that I made
out of that stupid ass
[__] I'm G to try and do that with
other weird sounds
too
oh
okay this could this could easy be be a
snare this could be a snare easy
everyone don't worry about what you're
hearing right now this is normal
fine actually this could make a really
[__] nice
snare everyone what's your favorite
caners notebook fish Whisper
song I like that
sound it actually sounds like a
snare h
I need to get an
EQ there's a lot of yak songs people are
saying
this literally sounds like like a like a
tear out snare
almost if you're not careful sounds like
a tear out snare yeah you better be
careful
it's cool hearing everyone's favorite
song
mhm the album and how I can disagree
with everyone
you all have correct
opinions let me see if I can like cuz
it's a little not not that you can even
really see the screen that much
but let's see if that helps with seeing
it
better moving around the
camera actually I have an idea I have a
really brilliant idea I'm going to make
a new source wait
okay now hold the phone everyone don't
worry about what's happening right now
this is
normal
um uh uh video capture device question
mark camera number
two okay now don't worry now don't worry
about what's going on this is
normal just a bit of troubleshooting
don't worry about
it there we go here's the really shitty
Diggy tack
cam yay
there we go it's really bad but it's
fine it's still
something shitty attack cam I should
have named it though I don't feel like
renaming it now
though okay
okay let's go and find another funny
sound
don't worry about that sound it's not
funny hello
h
[Music]
sounds like a little
frog let's do
a e
[Music]
e
he
h he
[Music]
every's playing this froggy music this
is Frog music
mhm okay let's try and make like a
actually we should we should try and
make a clap really quick or no wait we
should really make a high hat of some
sort
first mhm we
got let's try into this one again
it's trying to make it really
noisy that why we can make a high hat
like
this oh there's this okay hold
on this sounds very much like a high
hat May then we put that on the offbeat
or
[Music]
wherever e
okay
let's see if we can make a synth now
this one definitely we can
get Looney Tunes type beat
[Applause]
[Music]
that's Smith that's Smith
you
we
[Music]
Sans
music
[Music]
what I don't know how to play on this
chromatic scale for
[Music]
everyone's same no no to the
now I'm really starting to feel like we
need to
clap we have five of our eight tracks
taken so I'm thinking
like we need a base and a clap for
sure can we go base let's okay we're
going to make a base a clap and then
another syn of some
sort I can't tell you what the worst
card code in kayak says cuzz that would
be spoiling the the surprise which is
not much of a surprise so much as it is
a
challenge let's see if we can make this
base but a really fun zone
[Music]
old school old arcade car motor this is
is actually very similar to how they did
it it was either like something very
similar to this or it was a sample or it
was
[Music]
[Laughter]
FM w
like a lawn
mow it's it's Ridge Racer it's [__]
Ridge Racer [__] right now actually
[Music]
imagine that acceleration what car does
that I don't know anything about cars
[Music]
[Applause]
w I think that's the base actually
I actually do not know if I
like kind to think
of oops oh
[__] I just accidentally like broke
something
well like I I killed that one sound that
I had here is I have now
[Music]
very unfortunate but I can still do this
down
small music very small yeah it's Frog
music
[Music]
yeah e
I
[Music]
oh a
a
[Music]
n
w
[Music]
w for
sh
y
[Music]
by here thank
you e
[Music]
he
n a
[Music]
[Applause]
n
[Music]
a
oh
[Music]
[Applause]
e
[Music]
oh
he
[Music]
n
[Applause]
[Music]
a
[Applause]
[Music]
n I
n
[Applause]
[Music]
n
he
[Music]
[Applause]
n
[Music]
[Applause]
he
a little song
[Music]
[Applause]
h
H what is youd
[Music]
he
there's nothing on
listen no
[Music]
[Applause]
he
[Music]
n
all right that was
fun
yeah fun little frog sounds fun fun
little frog music I kind of like like
this this SC
[Music]
though I do too
wonder if I can add a piano to this
layer make it sound really cool
don't laugh Trixie
what do this all the time every w't
should be used to it
[Music]
okay Trixie I have to T I have to tune
these CU these are being
like being a bit Goofy
there we go now that's I love this
[Music]
it's
[Applause]
[Music]
all
[Applause]
[Music]
l I
[Applause]
[Music]
reminds me of the works a little bit for
[Applause]
[Music]
you
it sound even more ethereal we throw
throw the whole uh where are you vintage
there you go on Cathedral setting and
just go like
there we
[Applause]
[Music]
go we can throw crystallizer on before
that and do very
slight pitch to delay up
[Music]
[Applause]
let me bring out scoring tool too
there's this instrument I put together a
long time time ago and I just need to
fix the pitching on it and it should be
fine or I could just I might I might
actually let me see if I can just put a
note modifier but if I add this um what
am I talking about I don't even need
this I can just use the
uh
thing why is it taking a million years I
still it's something
[Music]
if I can get this to work I can L like
do an entire like film score sounding
thing with just like one
patch okay there we go that would be
cool I don't doubt you can do
that well you'll see you'll see this
will be really
cool I've done this to an effect before
but this will be even better
[Music]
I to turn
this okay here we go
[Music]
is
[Applause]
[Music]
ever considered an orchestration piece
I've done a few of those actually
I have not been keeping up with the chat
I'm sorry if you had something to say
I'm reading it
[Music]
now to
multi I'm too into this
[Music]
Anon emotional Orchestral
Version what controller do I have um
specify which
one and then I can for
you there are so many
[Music]
the main keyboard is the uh 49 SL Mark
II by
Novation and it's very
nice I said this in a previous stream I
feel like it has too many features for
me
I do not use a lot of
them so if you're looking for like just
a keyboard to play on this probably
isn't for you cuz that has a lot of
stuff that like if you're not doing a
crazy like amount of like gear sinking
and stuff it's like H also I've learned
that I really do not care about volume
faders that much at
all they're kind of annoying to like
have there I think sometimes unless
you're really wanting to use them you're
written for other instruments yeah I do
piano I
do guitar stuff um I have a melodica
down here somewhere uh I'm actually
primarily a
drummer my
main instrument technically is the drums
that I've had the most experience in
I've been writing music since I was
seven like I've been writing original
composition since I was seven however I
got my first drum set when I was 2 years
old and I was playing since then until
about 2 years ago I no longer have a
drum set I can play right now but
eventually I'll get another
one I'm not all that amazing at drums
despite the amount of practice and years
that I've had but like that's
whatever trying to pull the meloda but
there's so much [__] actually I have
multiple melodicas but I'm pulling out
the smaller one I really like using this
um this one a lot
let's do the uh where am I I really like
this melodic oh wait I need to get
my reunited at last the mouthpiece that
I was
cleaning
um for the uninitiated which many of you
are but a melodica is basically like a
keyboard but you have to like
blow into it to make it work and a lot
of people hear this instrument in my
music and they think that it's a
harmonica like in uh for the biggest one
is at the end of um Mystic Acoustics in
the song AER um there I'm playing the
melodica and I get so many comments that
are just like oh I love I love the the
harmonica playing there it's like not
the same instr I don't even know how to
play the
harmonica but um it has this really
sweet tone to
[Applause]
[Music]
it this one's slightly Out Of Tune as
well and I really like that actually um
when you have things that are like
slightly Out Of Tune they actually I
actually feel like it has a lot more
charact well I know it has a lot more
character than if it were like perfectly
tuned but
um damn this really needs to like I need
to glue this on or something put my
mouth on some glue
um don't do that I think I
will and the harder you blow of course
like the louder the notes get as with
any other instruments that are like Reed
based or or Woodwinds and or that that's
the same thing don't worry about what
I'm saying
but I like how detuned this is it sounds
really good to
[Applause]
[Music]
me Cy drawing oh
shoot Jim Jimmy Jim
Jimmy Jam Jimmy Jam Jimmy
Jam did Jim Jam do an
artwork yeah I could grab it oh please
grab it I'll grab it okay I'm about to
display work on screen it is not mine it
is Jimmy Jams let me find
it I can't close this case it is a
vintage one but I got it on like eBay
for like $20 so or less I don't even
know what I paid for it anymore but I
play um
piano and I play guitar kind of and I
sing and I play drums so those are my
main instruments do the outro to se
bound I just put it away but let me see
if I can I don't even remember what Trix
I'm going to send it to
you I'm going to send you the art
[Music]
I don't even remember what I played for
seabound to be honest cuz that was like
5 years ago but that part was
recorded So I need to relearn
it and also that was on my full
meloda hold on let me do the
uh put this here and go open Discord
right
quick oh that's really
cute I love love this wait hold on let
me let me complicated Windows opening
closing okay back to
here the art that Jim Jam Jimmy Jam and
chat did this is really
cute I love this like
thing I just I I love like the the
compos how how vertical the composition
is very towering my question my question
question is what is seed doing there
well they seem a little stuck Cy can do
whatever they want they're not stuck at
all they can literally like swim really
fast like through water mhm you're right
you're right you're
right it's a it's big rock says Jimmy
Jam this is really cute thank you so
much
I love the fish eyes like they're like
they're like very asymmetrical they're
really like expressive you know like
they're just circles I really like that
a lot a little thing I love
it I'm going to try what I'm going to
try and do here is I'm going to this is
going to be a really Hefty thing but I
can actually put a bunch
of I can put a bunch of instruments in
one thing so let me
do and grab this
Jam you should put your Twitter in in
the chat so people know where to follow
you and see more of your beautiful art I
can get it actually M give me a second I
have
to open a bunch of
Windows everything is all condensed for
like the sake of organization and I have
to like
go
everywhere here's where you can
fall there we
go I am what am I doing I'm going to put
this
in this as well
and then group
this this very convoluted thing that I'm
doing I don't know
I have no idea what you just said I'm
turning a light on there we
go very good
[Music]
sounds um I think if you're going to
start out doing art I think traditional
is always like good to start with um and
then like going into getting cuz digital
art can be really scary cuz there's so
much
um so I don't know I think try I feel
like try both but traditional definitely
a good starting
point bring up the keyboard which one
there's the there's lots of things on my
my desk that have keys at all times
[Music]
have a good
sleep it's really
pretty so I'm actually going to save
this whole instrument this whole group
of stuff as one
instrument mhm
very incredible this whole stream we've
had zero dropped frames that's our
[Music]
first I think I'm done drawing dear FL
shy can I'm going to put it on screen
then
[Laughter]
this is so good thank you I think it's
like Canon that Fluttershy just has like
deer
antlers mm
absolutely what switches are they oh are
we okay I think we're actually talking
about the keyboard keyboard okay one
second
um
okay goodbye wish I
dear second
oh
funny H sorry I'm like moving things
around I guess we're going to talk about
the keyboard I've talked about this
keyboard so many times on on stream
already but we're just going to be doing
that
anyway so this this this keyboard
actually I wonder if
this I wonder if we can adjust this to
be like there we
go okay here's the keyboard um actually
if you look really closely I'm like
moving this like if you look really
closely that was time very poorly if we
look really closely um this this right
here is like a thing of me and Eden's
OC's mhm is the
this one's the keyron key one um but
I've worked on this one so much so it's
like barely even the same like keyboard
anymore um okay now I have to make this
smaller again now I have to
go no got to do
more I can technically fit the screen
but I'm not going to anyway um this is
this is the this is the
keyboard
and box of
things you want to talk about these
switches I actually do not remember what
in this one right
now so I'll go like
right now we're like we've got the where
is the camera jck linear in
here I cannot figure out where this
camera is I don't know if you can see
this very
well right now I have the jck
linear oh my
God so close you can focus the camera
can
focus that's good enough right so JC
linear switches
five pin and it's
very it's all right it's pretty
okay and it sounds
[Applause]
like these ones up here
tactiles um I didn't have enough of this
the one switch to do the whole F row so
these are these are the sunflower
switch so they sound very
different and these are two keycap
materials these are slightly different
so there's
a little bit of like not great on this
side but
the rest of like for General use it
sounds
fine so
um sounds pretty
good to me but I've worked on it forever
like I've done everything I did Force
break I did different like insulation
and fix
that
um and if we
like open a thing
here I'll try and put the microphone
close to the keyboard so you can hear
this here's what it sounds like for
General use
so that's about what that sounds like
would you build a keyboard on stream I'd
like to um I was actually considering
using the this hold on
the this one that I built a while
ago um but I realized that for if I'm
doing music I kind of need the arrow
keys and stuff and I have these set as
arrow keys but they're really not very
efficient um I don't even remember
what's in these ones I'm pretty sure
these are TTC gold pinks in here and
this one's kind of nice
too get the
this the the space bar is kind of [__]
kind of scuffed a little
too that's not the worst
still space bar stabilizer wires are so
awful to work
with
um I was actually working on Zoom 65 and
like it got all [__] Eden was here when
I was working on it and like it had so
many like the kit had so many problems
like I'm still talking with support
right now to like get that figured out
cuz like everything just like stopped
working
properly it was really sad because like
slowly things were kind of deteriorating
and it started with things like a can't
quite fit this switch in all this isn't
doing this quite right and it got worse
and worse and worse until finally it
just wouldn't plug
in like the the biggest issue was the
gasket the gasket design that they had
done for this keyboard like was creating
too much compression between the top and
bottom case of the keyboard to the point
where all the standoffs started just
breaking cuz like during disassembly
they had to like pull so much together
that they just started snapping off like
one by one there's like four standoffs
left in the top case now so like there's
so many problems with it that where like
oh and then the the the keyboard itself
just stopped like being recognized by my
computer at one point like okay that's
that's enough of that um so I I was
working on that one didn't work out very
well so hoping that um I do have a
picture of it though I should have a
picture of it though one
second let me see if I can find
um the picture of the
keyboard because it was fully assembled
at one point but it just had so many
problems that I was like continued to
disassemble and Assemble over and over
again but
um here we
go this is the one I had
built it just had I just had so many
problems so I was like assembling it and
disassembling it and like fixing stuff
and eventually it just like just gave up
on me in so many areas it's too bad
because it like felt like the the actual
like most of the keys felt really
good um and I still have
like I still have the um all the key CS
here what I did notice though is that
um I don't know if you're able to see
this but the double shot on the the
Olivia key for this
keyboard are not as like thick like
they're not quite double shot like
they're advertised as double shot but
they really do not feel or sound like
it um this this is the one that's in my
current keyboard and then this is the
one from the from the zoom 65 and you
can see the double shot thickness is not
not quite up to standard to me which is
unfortunate but
it's all these little details that I
feel like they kind of
like we're trying to get by not
fully adhering to but like to people who
actually know what they're doing it's
like ah this is important well I I think
what one of the the the source of the
issue is like a lot of like people are
now trying to accommodate really thin
pcbs cuz that's just being becoming
really like popular in designs right now
which makes it so that they have to do a
bunch of like extra things to
accommodate it like when you're working
with the stabilizers they recommend you
add washers to the to the screws so like
and like the screws just don't work as
intended just by themselves you have to
like put a washer in between that and
the and the PCB it's like ah it's
annoying yeah but it's all because of of
thin pcvs that's like the biggest like
thing that's making a lot of these
builds harder
nowadays what even is the benefit of
that is it just having a th keyboard um
you can like get a little bit more weird
with the design of the keyboard I
imagine because you can accommodate like
less
space or there's like more Flex or you
have room for more like
insulation sound
dampening but yeah I do plan to do like
more keyboard things on um on stream I
think I'm going to try and build the
mahja V2 ergonomic keyboard someone
asked if I have or have like used an
ergonomic
keyboard uh earlier in chat and like I
am planning to like build one of those
very soon as soon as we get more
shipping details because they've been
delayed it was supposed to be here like
last month and now the shipping date has
been removed from the website so
everything's going really well as you
can can
[Music]
tell everything's going swimmingly
everything's going swimmingly
the ergonomic keyboard I'm going to be
working with is a is Alice is an ALICE
layout but it's like kind of a hybrid
one because it has dedicated arrow keys
which is not common with the Alice
layout in specific I don't remember what
they call the hybrid but there is a
there is a term for it that's really
nice
develop always [__] me up I cannot type
that word fast
it's like ah where's the
ELO literally yeah typing like L
repeatedly with my right hand is hard
hi
Hazel do I have any characters who I
enjoy drawing more than others um I
don't know if it's obvious but I really
like drawing
scooo and Buttershy and Twilight Sparkle
the
most um I do not like drawing Pinkie Pie
because of the hair but you should draw
Pinkie Pie more cuz I should draw Pinky
p p p your style is really good really
good thought thank you thank you but um
yeah Fluttershy sko and Twilight are my
favorites to draw and violet and as
those are my oh
yeah yeah is great the Periwinkle eye
color on this one doing right
now thank you cuz her eyes are like kind
of purplish but like this is like taking
such like good Liberty on it I
think thank
you just messing around I haven't drawn
ponies in
ages I love the art you've been doing
recently Trixie oh I can I can find
that I draw sometimes these
days been keeping in this thing I did I
drew so many
fish I posted these to Twitter a bit
[Music]
ago Eden and I drew these things in this
page in
particular
fishies some some Cy
art just lots of lots of lots of candy
drawings
constantly have this the one Trixie
page queen of
missfits I did this
to cuz I've been getting so many like so
many things for drawing now cuz I feel
motivated too um and here's all this
like
[__] filled with stuff filled with
soup
lots of surprise and I went to oh no one
of the sketchbooks fell behind my desk I
have to like no but here's one of them
fish
fishbook
fishbook I'm going to use this
I love
fishbook and down where I keep my
sketchbooks is also hot cheetahs fries
it's very good oh I missed it you can
still buy them they're expensive though
but it's worth
it there I got the fishbook I mean this
is technically fishbook too but that's
this is quite literally
catfish oh there's a fish book this s
cool bonus one on the back bonus fish
for
you bonus fish bonus
fish it's a little song called bonus
fish this is a little diddy that I call
bonus fish someone asked what controller
I used like earlier and my first think
to was like I I usually use this the
switch Pro Controller but like like that
was my first thought I'm
like there's a much more obvious thing
that people are asking and I you
now I feel like having fish and chips
from a combination of words from from
from
chat I feel like eating fish fish are
friends and food sorry about it
yeah she's not sorry at all
no you guys want to say this
thing this one
stinker I want to see it I can't see it
right now cuz it hasn't shown up on this
yes now I can see it the PA
him wait I need to see if I have my
Among Us in the room hold
on ah she fell she fell behind the
[Applause]
backed I remember standing in line at
Barnes & Noble to get that
a fond
memory let's
[Music]
see somebody said OMG in
order very true very true very true
emergency
meeting there's so many
like silly little things around there's
so many goofy little
creatures now I'm I'm going to draw I'm
going to draw Trixie the
posum Trixie the posum try the plum wait
I'm car wait a second I'm just showing
things in my room now I'm car and tell
I'm
car can't see quite yet oh my
God it's it's the it's the The Legend
themselves y what was the song what was
the song from the donkey trans rights
are human right no that's the wrong song
well I mean that's a good song but like
that's the wrong one I was I was more so
thinking about the Donkey Kong 3D
animated TV show really good coconut
cream that
one I'm not the musician here I can't
sing I'm
sorry technically neither can I I don't
even know what I'm doing I've never had
vocal essons and I everyone's like oh my
my God how do you sing like I don't know
I just did it help me I don't know I'm
trying to figure that out myself you're
amazing wait wait I have the the the
Lego Minecraft that we built so when
Eden was here in yeah last week or two
um so close we uh we bought a bunch of
Legos which included the Minecraft Lego
set and I'm I'm not really quite sure
what this is supposed to be but here it
is oh [__] Stephen sit what
see and see the joke of Bart Simpson is
the fact that if you like press this
over here it
goes cuz it's like the creeper explodes
it's like on the
floor and it's like really
great
yeah it's actually kind of clever how
they make
it
mhm it is
I love that I'm so glad we purchased it
yeah I'm so glad we purchased the joke
of Bart Simpson rude I'm so glad we did
this I feel like actually honestly I
feel like I should introduce everyone to
the joke of B Bart
Simpson yeah
yeah all right chat um everyone in chat
right now should I introduce you to the
joke of Bart Simpson which is known as
rude just a simple yes or no in chat
will
do in fact I can actually start a poll
right
now I can actually start a poll I'm
going to start an official Poll for
this
um how do I start it oh there we go
there we go everyone vote
now vote now on your
phones it appears that everyone that the
prevailing the prevailing sentiment is
that everyone wants the joke of Bart
Simpson what does happen to be known as
rude I voted no even why that's so mean
you know the joke see that's not fair
because you you understand and aware of
the joke of Bart Simpson which is
currently understood to be rude I want
to all to
myself we can't let we can't let Eden
hoard the joke of Bart Simpson I know it
it's
rude I thought you called me a [__] for
a second
oh sorry like we can't let Eden the
[__]
just I was like okay what a very
interesting
subtitle I'm subtweeting you in my
mouth oh all right thank you okay hold
on let
me let me I I I think that the poll is
going to succeed in the joke of him
which is known as rude so I'm going to
pull it up now
okay here is the joke which was known as
Bart Simpson of
rude everyone enjoy
this
help wait think about a joy that is so
big you can't even imagine it are you at
the limits of your mind too bad because
you need to get 3 million times happier
that's how good it feels to know the
joke of Simpson
[Music]
Rude by 1995 I had learned almost all
the jokes of The Simpsons but the joke
of Bart Simpson remained a beautiful
mystery then one day it hit me it was
like getting struck by lightning and
suddenly I understood the joke of Bart
Simpson rude nobody prepares you for the
moment you realize the joke of him rude
it's just a normal Monday or Thursday or
Wednesday or a weekend or it's a Tuesday
or a Friday I actually was asleep in my
bed when I woke up with an understanding
about bart simpson deep in my soul I
started shaking all over and I drew this
diagram on a piece of toilet paper I
found in the closet it took me several
years to decipher this Divine graph now
I know it's meaning rude and it is so
funny that I am still laughing about it
right now every minute I am even
laughing about now I couldn't keep my
mouth from talking about it when I
discovered Bart's joke rude it's how
he's Barts he's got he's rude I walked
into the middle of the street and
shouted the joke of Bart Simpson rude is
so clear to me now Bart Simpson lives in
Springfield and the secret joke of him
is that he's rude rud when I whispered
the miracle of Bart's joke into the ear
of my lover she wept for 7 years and
then stopped and then I wept for 7 years
it was amazing learning the joke of Bart
it's about rude completely changed my
life for example one of my kids is now a
drawing just like funny B and I am so
proud rude a senator called me and asked
me if I could explain to him the joke of
Bart Simpson rude I told him about the
way Bart ignores respect and the senator
said everyone at the government has
heard Bart's joke and now we're all
going to stop fighting and get married
now that I know Bart's wonderful joke
rude it's rude I feel like a completely
different person I have more confidence
and I read much slower I smile bigger my
fingers are longer my dog is gone and I
am impotent my only wish is that my
father's ghost could have been here to
watch me laugh about Bart Simpson and
his big joke about Ruth instead my dad
is still alive so he just came over and
we talked about it for a couple hours
that was also pretty nice I guess what I
would say to people who have never
understood the joke of Bart Simpson I
know it it's rude they need to imagine
someone who's being very rude and
understand how funny that is if you can
do that you're pretty close to
understanding the joke of him Bart and
how it works rude when you hear Bart
doing his joke of rude try to laugh at
it and enjoy it this will help you
understand that it's good and that you
love it I showed up 3 years late to my
wedding because I was too busy trying to
understand the joke of Bart Simpson rude
and I would do it again in a heartbeat
[Music]
yes everyone asking this is a click hole
video this is a click hole video this is
a click video it's very good does
everyone feel
enlightened I'm wondering how
rude they're prepared to know of Bart
being that way if you think about it
yeah mhm yes if you really think about
it if you consider rude you might be as
well as to know a Bart if you do be
careful
about about rooting because you just
might find it be careful about Rudy
there's something up with
him the Gatorade one is great too we've
actually watched the Gatorade one on
stream like a year ago or two um but I
think it's it's
probably important that we we do that we
we so everyone everyone is now aware of
like the joke of Bart Simpson which is
weird and then what's really important
then is to also you know get to
understand um how how how Monumental it
is to to have to when they
Gatorade see the first time I drank
Gatorade my first sip of the football
milk we call
Gatorade you want to know about my first
encounter with the sweet neon soup of
Gatorade the first time that I drank
Gatorade it's a story I know very well
well I was hanging out with my brother
and his friends and they were all
drinking Gatorade and it was making them
scream I was on an airplane and a flight
attendant brought me a glass of a bright
red neon soup I asked the flight
attendant what is this and she said it's
called Gatorade I remember that one
night
my this has to be one of my favorite
messages of all time in the [__] chat
is just
someone they just write football milk
with a question mark and that's it that
I think that's my all-time favorite chat
message because it's very true my father
brought home a huge bucket of beautiful
blue syrup my father said here is
Gatorade I just started a job at an
investment firm and my boss takes had a
bottle of Gatorade and he says you're on
Wall Street and we live for Gatorade and
he just starts gulping it down I took a
sip of the Gatorade and I could feel the
electrolytes turn my body into strong
wild garbage my boss handed me a glass
of a sweat potion and I took a sip and
there it was the taste of Gatorade
couldn't believe how sour it was I
started screaming the sour taste it's a
sour taste of Gatorade and at the same
time my father was screaming I knew you
would understand I took a sip of the
Gatorade and I love the way that the
power of the electrolytes made my nose
bleed I was so happy because I knew my
veins were getting pumped full of
football milk I turned to my boss and I
said to him the sour taste of the sweat
potion is a nightmare and I'm going to
drink it every day for the rest of my
life when I was finished with the blue
Gatorade I said to my father I have
tasted the sour sweat potion I now need
a new flavor of Gatorade bring me
Gatorade that is bitter instead of sour
and my father turned to me sadly and I
saw tears in his eyes and I knew the
terrible
truth there was no bitter Gatorade and
then I started screaming about how I
deserve to fly the plane because I was
the one with the most energy but they
didn't let me fly the plane when I found
out there wasn't a Gatorade flavor
called bitter Mountain Rush I lost the
will to live the power of the football
milk took me on a vision quest to the
Gatorade Laboratories which are in hell
and in my dream I saw the Gatorade
scientists doing exercise experiments on
all the football players and they were
dying the sweat professors kill the
football players with their Gatorade
experiments I know the Gatorade
scientists are running exercise
experiments on the football players and
that many of them get killed in the
Laboratories but I don't care because I
need the electrolytes for my Tantrums
every night since I took my first sip of
Gatorade I have a dream or a football
player comes up to me and Whispers it's
time and as soon as he whispers this a
human arm holding a bottle of gear
bursts out of his chest the sweat
professors who invented Gatorade belong
in the worst jail there is the football
players drink the sour sweat potion and
they go crazy and and that's amazing but
then when they want the bitter Gatorade
it can't happen for
them death is too good for the Gatorade
scientist what was your first sip of
Gatorade like does anyone does anyone in
chat have any stories they can tell us
about their first experience with the
bright red neon soup known as
Gatorade you think they make Gatorade of
black Mesa they said it's in hell
soap I fell
over the Gatorade made them fall
over Oh
no you're purely digital
being can you like
find the secret menu of every restaurant
online
now I know they make broccoli by boiling
cauliflower and green
Gatorade they've mentioned blue Gatorade
and red Gatorade I don't think there's
such thing as a green
Gatorade I'm pretty sure morphe Escape
need Gatorade that's what's in that's
what's in the red and blue pills it's
just a very very minute like percentage
of Gatorade and just a lot of like like
pill casing and that's it that's what
inside do you think that they should put
Gatorade and gushers instead of like the
the sugary goop that is that is
gushers I screamed for hours but there's
like no message that like prefaces that
so it doesn't imply it doesn't
necessarily mean that it has anything to
do with Gatorade it's just screaming for
hours and that's about
it yeah sometimes people do that the red
pillow is a metaphor for HRT which is
red
Gatorade so it's actually incredible
that they're supplying that you know
General Stores nowadays like you can
just buy red Gatorade and that's like
your HRT for the month it's pretty crazy
see Gator Crush Gator gusher collab I
thought I said Gator Crusher for a
second I was like having a really
difficult time in my head accepting that
sentence but I don't have to accept that
sentence cuz it wasn't what was said you
can deny the
sentence what happened if they gave the
rude Bart Gatorade I kind of changed
your your message around but it was a
remix it was a
collaboration Gatorade see see lumier
makes a good point it's literally HRT
cuz it's gay
toade mhm makes sense it
does I re over weaker men who whenever I
drink the beautiful blue
liquid I think what's fantastic about
all of this is we're all trying to
figure out you know phrases that are now
synonymous with Gatorade to some degree
agree given what we know about it being
a sweat potion football milk beautiful
blue syrup
Etc what would happen if we put the
Gatorade scientists and the Powerade
scientists in the same room see these
are the these are these are like
experiments and theories that we
actually need to actually need to put
put to the test about about Gatorade
what does the g mean that means gay and
the the adade part stands for
football and HRT at the same
time someone thinks that the the
Gatorade scientists and the Power Aid
scientists should
kiss but would that create the Hershey's
Kiss
Gatorade gay
football they'll kiss and they'll make
gay
power it's not called straight
arade that sounds so awful straight
arade they mention the football players
but never the gator see this is see this
is why you have to bring this to like a
wider group of people like we have to be
able to get ideas from you know ac
across across the world so we can really
get down to like the nitty-gritty of gay
Dade
you know Gatorade and the things that
quench us and
stuff gay8
raid gay eight
raid gay8 raid I'm really working
through that one right
now all these [__] casual Gatorade
drinkers we have Gatorade elitism we
have like Gatorade like
competitions whoever can consume the
most of the sweat potion new album
Gatorade and the things that quench
us oh my
[Music]
goodness this is the score to the
Gatorade movie
[Music]
there it
is who are you who are you drawing right
now um I don't know I think Rainbow
Dash oh so cool thank
you did it like silhouette
kind of thing like didn't th it out like
filling out the negative space
first it's really cool thank
[Music]
you long has this stream been running
for I'm going to check I can just check
over here where 2 and a half
[Music]
hours G
second let's see if I can find that one
thing just as like a general reminder
for everyone
um the synthesizer you're listening to
you're listening to right now came from
this
[Music]
[Applause]
recording it's been turned into
[Music]
this I can prove it because if
I open this
[Music]
what
I'm G save this instrument too
such a good such a good sound yeah I
really like that it's funny considering
where it came
[Music]
from for sure that's technically and
NPH I should actually tune this to like
be the correct pitch
there we go now it's tuned pry
[Music]
was that actually correct wait now I'm
thinking about this too much
[Music]
there we go
oh those colors are really
cool H it's really fting thank you a lot
of people in chat are talking about it I
think pointing it out like that maybe
they're talking
about some people are other people are
talking about Gatorade flut gersy
apparently Gatorade Fluttershy is an
interesting concept when did I develop
that Melody throughout the Starship
Ponyville series there's a few of them
um so there is there's there is a few of
them there's
[Music]
um which is um that was from originally
from 2016 a lot of Mystic Acoustics for
example I was actually working on while
I was working on the original Super Pony
world
2016 if you can remember remember all
the way back to then
um most everything was
written most of the Melodies like motifs
were written in 2016 or
before
um the one thing that wasn't written
before 2016 was the
[Music]
that was written in um
2018 specifically for home word and it
will be carried on as like the Starship
Ponyville Motif
technically I think it's so cool that
you wrote These like motifs and stuff
like how old were you when you wrote
like your very first
Motif T by technicality and I still have
to like work this in um the first Motif
I wrote was like probably when I was
about 15 years old uh-huh which was um
[Music]
[Applause]
which was for horse friends part one in
2014 MH you did that all the way then
I'm just thinking of how you use them
even now in your music that's really
cool the question how do I keep all
these songs in my head I
don't the like the playing stuff on
keyboards that's like muscle memory I'm
like okay pull up the muscle memory for
this song or whatever and I can just do
it um what I don't keep in my head is a
lyrics I suck at remembering My Own
lyrics so
bad like I suck at remember my lyrics so
bad like I am not
this I remember them better than her a
lot of the time yeah most people
remember my lyrics better than I do
there are some things where it's fine
where I can really really remember it
um like I can like recall lyrics like I
can like like site them out from memory
but like when I'm like singing it's kind
of hard to remember cuz like there's a
lot of different processes going on in
my
head so um when I do performances I
should probably have like stuff written
out for me cuz at both times I've played
at uh Brony con I forgot the lyric to
some of the songs I was
singing oh my goodness some of the
lyrics on your videos are different from
what you sing yes okay so here's a
really big problem is a lot of the times
I'm actually writing my lyrics while I'm
working on the song and while I'm
recording and a lot of the times I'll
change the lyrics When I'm recording but
I'll forget to write that change into
the actual like written document that
I'm working with and that's such a big
problem that I need to figure out how to
accommodate better better
[Music]
[Laughter]
what
[Music]
is there going to be another love
letters album does do people want a love
letters three I guess that's the
question musical process through lyrical
songwriting honestly my process is
really like like not too complicated I
feel like but I don't know like I
basically have these thoughts in my head
and I'll sort of just write down what
those thoughts are and I'm like okay how
do I like say this more subtly or how do
I how do I say this with like more
meaning or context to this idea that I'm
articulating and I kind of just like
write basic ideas down and start like
taking those and like shaping them like
like clay essentially or at least like
my process is really just starting with
just like basic thoughts and just kind
of like making them more
articulate do you ever tease your future
songs just by playing around on stream
yes I do actually I'll never I'll never
tell people will just have to figure it
out or like be like oh wait that's that
one really
interesting that's it
[Music]
sh
[Applause]
[Music]
Super Mario Super Mario World [__] going
on in here
[Music]
that's for
[Applause]
h love
sound it's like Legend of Zelda [__] I
[Music]
think work is still very Pony Centric
it's easy to tell it's getting hard hard
and harder to tell what is imp Pony
inspired when is not today but your
stuff is undoubtable it's hard to say as
well because like you know people who
are making music the way they want to
they're very much free to you know
they're they're free to do what they
want to do I think but people know what
they want to hear as well so it's just
like this really complicated space where
you know you want to hear something from
someone but it's also not like a great
thing to tell them what to do either
so like the best thing you can do is
sort of like you know go go
where go where you want to go you know
and let people make what they want to
make and like if you have the capacity
to make it yourself or you really want
to make it yourself you should just make
it yourself too that's like why I why I
start one of the reason I start making
music is like I want to hear songs that
I I specifically want to hear was like
all the parts that I like and things
arrang the way that I like them
like I I specifically started writing
music so I could hear it so I can listen
to my own music um and I'm at the point
now now where it's like oh if I just
feel like I want a certain type of song
to exist I just make it and then I can
listen to it it's kind of like it's kind
of fun to think about it that way who
inspired You music when you were young
get a drum set on your team must been
really early on
um uh Genesis and everyone that came
from Genesis this is like age-old Story
by this point but I grew up primarily on
like progressive rock music and like
slight Progressive Rock Revival in the
early
2000s what's the time signature during
the funky middle part if I still got
something to teach you I feel like it's
54 but I don't remember anymore we could
find out
actually actually I could just go here
[Music]
n
this is very convoluted but it's what
I'm going to
do I feel like it's 5'4
[Music]
yeah it's
54 wait is it wait I did this completely
wrong I'm pretty sure it's 54 though or
74 God I wish I
remembered I could pull up the project
but see this is where my limits of Music
Theory are it's like I got to have all
this stuff in front of
me that's definitely not the temp
let's do this in
uh honestly I have no idea what I'm
doing
here um I'm inclined to believe it's 5'4
it's either 54 or
74 I might as well just I might just
bring it up
actually I'll put Eden's art on for a
moment think this is it this Project's
going to break in front of me because
it's like a super full project
I'm probably going to have to change the
bit
rate thank
you think here about the vinyl record
pressing I'm like really like is insane
to me that we made it in like 50
minutes the hit the goal in 50 minutes
it's like all right okay I guess I can
like put the goal up higher and add some
more stuff next
time it's good to
know it was really cool watching that
happen how did you get into oh
sorry what was that I was reading the
question how would you get into making
music I guess the first thing to know is
like what is the most interesting part
about music to you do you like want to
like think do you think about Melody is
a lot or do you think about sound design
do you think about drums or just like
putting the song together or like figure
out what what part of music you like the
most and sort of start from
there the project is still loading by
the way I found it pretty much when I
switched the camera when I switch
screens it is still
loading it's a big project still
loading hopefully it doesn't crash
Hamilton
it's still
loading
goodness goodness
gracious is it is it going to say oh
wait the project title just appeared up
on the top of Ableton but the project is
still not there
there it
is it looks like it's a
74 so it's 74 I
think hold on it's still kind of
loading now my mouse has disappeared oh
there it is hi I don't even know what
aon's doing now
it is Cur it's like currently just
having a
moment oh are we done we done
here done with your little tantrum oh
it's really not loving it right
now if I if I if I play if I press play
it's going to get all
[Music]
mushy oh your life is all you've got to
make up
is the stream dying for
everyone we have some drop frames but
says encoding overloaded okay Eden I'm
going to stop sharing my screen for
you
okay hopefully that
helps I think my CPU is getting a little
bit overloaded because of this
project okay I'm just going to leave
anyway if chat you can still hear me um
the time signature for that part and
I've still got something to teach you is
74 I think I just need to force quit
ailon unfortunately
okay hopefully that helps the
stream they can still hear us that's
good I just had to I just had to force
quit uh
ailon waiting for the stream to catch up
which it looks like it's having a hard
time doing
going look at my
uh oh splice helper
congratulations it's causing issues for
everyone right now
damn I should have never opened project
on
stream got me all kinds of f up did you
get the tempo though yeah the time
signature 7
over4 well if people can still hear it's
okay that's
good are you trying to figure out in
your head why it's closing ises yeah I'm
watching The Stream preview on my iPad
right now yeah it's
like doing something from like forever
ago I think maybe it's caught up
now okay that's
good I'm try and refresh the stream on
my
thing
[Music]
okay try changing it to this see if that
works
[Music]
out looks like a lot of latency has been
added to the stream because I'm watching
it and I just switched to my desktop and
it's still like it's just staying in one
place
forever do you think it'll catch
eventually I don't know I might have to
restart stream there we go that took
like approximately that's like a
60-second delay I want to
say
gosh crazy that's what you get for
opening big files yeah I should have
never open CPU intensive project on my
computer during
stream that was called cusing an issue
for
sure might just be
me okay I want here's here's a test
since like it seems like my thing isn't
working
properly
um everyone just type football milk
right now in
chat and that way I'll know what the
latency is
like oh my
gosh no one said it
like I think what happened is YouTube
was trying to buffer some of the issues
that were going on and in doing so it
created a lot of space
between the actual stream and what
everyone else is saying everyone's now
just saying football milk oh my
goodness oh my
God
incredible I don't know why you because
everything's fine on my end now it looks
like YouTube just caused a bunch of
latency
issues well I think this art is
done oh show Tim that's really pretty
thank you that's really pretty hello
show it on the
screen it's so pretty thank
you it's really intense I really like
that h thank
you didn't expect it to happen but it
did which is
cool someone thinks football milk tastes
like Axe Body
Spray I didn't know what Axe Body Spray
tastes
like h
your Arts finally on screen
now oh my
goodness y I love that art it's so gay
which is very
true thank
you it's a minute delay
yeah desktop background material you
know what the it kind of reminds me of
some of like the pieces people did for
like wallpapers back in like the early
fandom the early G4 fandom it kind of
has like a really like Pleasant like
nostalgic atmosphere as a result of
that I definitely see that it's really
cool thank
you yeah cuz like Rainbow Dash's like
coat color is the same as the background
that's really cool it's like a negative
space so pretty thank you
touchdown sorry that's what someone said
I saw a touchdown there oh my
goodness there's Rainbow Dash there's
scoo and deer
Fluttershy m
a lot of little things I was also
starting to do a little Twilight a
little oh I love that I love yeah she's
a real stinker she's being a
stinker I think the stream might be uh I
think the stream is catching up just a
little bit but other than that I think
it's just kind of being awful I love
this I love her head so
much thank
you she's a lot of fun to door I like
drawing Twilight Twilight With No Wings
is fun I like drawing Twilight With No
Wings Twilight With No Wings is very big
prand I like both Twilights but they're
kind of like two different
characters yeah I definitely prer a
Twilight with no wings
yeah I just like season one season two
so
much BL
[Music]
you Trixie do you have a suggestion for
what I should who I should draw who do
Twilight Drew Fluttershy and you drew
Rainbow Dash I think personally you
should draw Pinkie Pie all right I'll
try to draw P person you should draw
keep this program I'm using is called
clip Studio paint um I really like clip
Studio it's really good
um yeah I really like it so I recommend
um um I'll probably V I'll probably post
it on my Twitter eventually but if you
want it early I have a
patreon but um yeah you're a little
muffled when you're saying that I'm sure
most people got that but you can
probably a good idea to reiterate
that okay um I will eventually post it
on Twitter but if you do want it like
straight away I also have a
patreon and did
which you can find in my link to which I
can
send if it lets me nope doesn't let me
send give me a
second give me a
moment to find
it I should Legends on stream oh my God
I think that'd be an awful
idea I think it's fun to watch you play
but you never know what people are going
to do yeah that's the thing I'm fine
with playing league on stream but I'm
also like worried about what other
people in the video game
say
exactly chat uh
everyone chat if I should play everyone
bully me and play League of Legends
that's what I'll
say Marvel Pie has given me her blessing
to draw Pinkie
Pie very good I will do
it God suar
PS I Love marble
pie I'm just thinking about it the pie
sisters are so good you should just draw
the pie sisters
then all the different brands of neuro
divergency
not all the this just like three it's a
few
slices no it's definitely not all the
brands
but you know there's a lot of
them yeah a few slices of the neurod
diverent pie What audio program do you
recommend for those
learning um I learned on garage
bands uh I feel like I feel like
something like that
like garage V is like really good for
people learning but I feel like I'm just
biased at that
point someone said they wanted to know
what model of guitar was on the angel
fish I need to get it I need to get it
Eden wouldn't know and I don't know what
I can do is I can go through my files
and just find it
there all right this is the art
file and I know I put
this it's somewhere
here I don't want to like un something
in case oh yeah there it
is well this is what it looks
like do you know the name of this I
don't because I'm silly I don't know
anything about the
cars I think the stream might finally be
catch
up well that's
good
slightly kind of not
really also yeah someone said playing
League of Legends on stream is basically
slur speedrun which is very true I could
just I could just mute
everyone I I just play the game muted
that's fine
I don't mind
this thank you
Casey it was a lot of fun to
do I'll draw um those being p with
weapons well the chainsaw
yeah maybe we'll
see you're gonna play league Trixie yeah
I'm going to mute
everyone someone asked Vixie ask one was
the last time you went groceries
shopping and then voil said what's your
favorite flavor of
ramun
uhuh I don't know when I last went
grocery shopping and I like the
strawberry
Roman okay I'm just going to mute
everyone before something evil happens
is everyone going to sleep now have a
good
night the final is is a crunchy blue
flavor kind of like football milk if you
think about it I'm going to lose frames
for this aren't I I'm going to lose
frames for playing League the way I am
right now your computer's going to
punish you even more yeah I think
so I can feel it I can feel the lag I'm
excited low FPS s League of Legends it's
because I'm like streaming so many
things at
once I think garage band's only on only
on Mac OS
unfortunately I think you're are windows
um gosh I really don't know if for
Windows because I've just been a Mac
User forever
I'm going to lose frame stream buffers
yeah it's buffering so hard right now I
should just dodge
I can see it on my end it doesn't say
I'm dropping frames
but it's like TPS yeah you know I'm
going to dodge it's because I'm like
it's because I'm like um it's because
I'm streaming so many things at
once having a bit of a freak out yeah
it's probably best I don't do that I'll
save that for when I'm not streaming a
million things at
once it's okay okay cuz I can save
everyone from League of Legends
now I just play league now because I
like the characters not like doing funny
things you okay yeah I'm good being
silly
Pinkie Pie's hair is hard to
draw Oh wrong way
just doing this to fill the space from
the buffer which it looks like it's
fixing itself now
hopefully how late do you tend to stay
up since Zelda is usually in New Zealand
are you in New Zealand Trixie I am not
in New
Zealand damn it
if you meant me
um uh New Zealand doesn't tend to have
to big of a like it's only like five
hours like it's technically more than
that but it feels like only five um if
that makes sense I don't know the exact
number it's like 17 hours or something
no I don't know the number
but yeah pretty
late that's cuz I tend to stay up late
as
well I stay up way too late it's almost
midnight for me but like I I slept at
like somewhere between 5 and S
so I am not sleepy yet I did yawn but
that doesn't
count I think I'll probably end
stream very
soon which means after I do this a
little bit I'm going to go into
a classic video game that we all know in
live do you guess sir
yeah someone asked how long have I been
cubing for since 2019
it's kind of hard to be fast and like do
it in front of the camera cuz my camera
is at a weird angle and I i' would
rather have this closer to me but it's
okay I'm not doing this for Speed I'm
doing it to do
it and I need to tighten everything on
this Cube
anyway for
how am I so good at Rubik's Cubes it's
because I'm
Asian that's why that's only a half
choke that's also because I'm Asian
okay all right it's like towards the end
of the stream now so that's when I do
this geoguesser
thing dear
God uh put your random Place Google Map
and figure out where you are and cry
about it somewhere in
Europe hell
Dimension where they make foot bow milk
where this is exactly where they make
football milk you're worried about
that I don't have much of an informed
opinion about J5 yet because not much
has come
out I like the movie
was
fun that's just my
opinion wait what all about G5 the movie
oh yeah the movie was
nice I can share my screen again
I finished the pinkie pie so I think I'm
done going for
today you actually like got her hair
really like
scrubby I like it thank
you like her scrubble hair
scrubble scrubble
okay turn off
stream
okay bye stream I can off wait where am
I turn this
off good Pinky
Pie I feel like we're in uh you know I'm
just going to make an educated guess and
say that we're like
here um no one get mad at me
okay but it was Croatia so it's better
than if it were in Hungary
so oh dear
my first guess is
Sweden my next guess is
Norway but I'm leaning towards Sweden on
this way
Switzerland could be
Switzerland feels very
cold actually Switzerland would make
more sense actually that would make a
lot more
sense just from the way the mountains
are
forming mhm could be Austria as
well but I'm also not seeing a lot of
signage it's in the middle of
somewhere in Switzerland you're sure of
it well we will find
out we will discover
this
oh I'm pretty sure that's that's
German no
wait that doesn't look
I go over there it won't let me go over
there that's really evil because that
would be like giving some
answers can we talk from the license PL
no they blur it out when you get to the
prop
angle this is very claustrophobic
here all right why will yeah okay German
and out of Austria and Switzerland it
looks more like Switzerland so I'm going
to take I'm going take it up here I'm
going to say I'm scared and it is
Italy excuse me
oh
interesting
what well I guess there's German up
here or
something wait that's not
fair this is like
German that's like that's that's like
German in the middle of Italy that's not
even remotely
Fair why would they do this you know
this is a curated map set someone
specifically chose this
place yes there it's literally German
German and Italian combination that's so
unfair that's really
unfair all right
whatever okay now this could be
Austria
no no now I'm thinking it's
not now I'm thinking it isn't where are
we I think we're in
Norway question
mark is this Norway
sparagon okay wait wait wait wait wait
wait what's thebe mean at the end of
that okay it could be Belgium I think
it's Belgium actually I think it's belum
yeah it looks like familiar from the
architecture yeah I feel like it's
belum yeah that's probably belum that
would make sense because it's like I'll
confuse it for Norway because it's so
close to like the
Netherlands this is like so much
reaching I'm doing so much reaching
right
now but it's probably
Belgium
yeah yeah no is definitely
like I feel like this is the capital
so all right I'm doing it I'm doing it
I'm in Brussels I'm in the wrong
City good enough whatever I'll take
it okay now this one should be fun
because it's probably
Brazil uh I am correct I'm always
correct it's Brazil just like I said
the the issue with this is I have no
idea where in
Brazil so I will cry about
it if I have to make an educated guess
it's going to
be I don't know I don't know anything
right there holy [__] it's all the way
in
there looking a little different today
that was terrible what is
this I think we're in Turkey I'm so
confident this is turkey that I'm just
going to go there right now you're just
going to do it I win I'm incredible at
this video game oh wow that was so
good okay so what [__] us up Brazil
and I knew it was Brazil but oh well
who cares not me I know I
don't France first guess France never
looking
back it's France I
win H it's all the way in the west who
cares I win I'm good at video
games where am
I I I know it's I'm reading the comment
about Brazil I know where it says on the
sign I can't read
it I cannot read and
interpret I am too scrun brained for
that
activity Brazil is too bigun brain
Brazil needs to like get smaller they
should like go in the go in the wash and
then do a do a dryer run and shrink a
little
bit my
heart my my heart wants me to wants me
to be in Albania like my heart wants to
say this is
Albania but um my brain is saying stop
it my my tired brain wanted to
say
[Music]
sing like titanium from
Tania you know sure of
[Music]
course oh my God oh my God they're in
love oh my God they're in love that's so
cute two cars having a
having a friendship
contest two gu two cars engaged in
friendship wait wait I was actually so
close I was actually so so close it's
not Albania it's literally right next to
it look at me look at me look at me look
at me I'm looking right at you I'm
literally like I literally like my heart
wanted it to be alvania but it's like
right next to alvania I literally
win
[Music]
mhm
okay we're going to figure this out
together
here um I I don't
know I'm in
hell I mean at least there's road signs
that's helpful see like those are places
people who know those places know
exactly where we are what Vegas Plaza
something wa tells her that this is not
Vegas two cars chilling in a hot tub
that's how far behind the chat
is uhhuh
[Music]
some place that speaks Spanish for
sure question
mark Colombia oh we're in
Colombia we're in
Colombia so why is there it's I swear to
God this is some place called Las Vegas
in Colombia like I promise I promise
this is some place called Las Vegas in
Columbia like that is a that is like a
promise but I do not know where Las
Vegas Columbia is so instead I'm going
to go
here I'm so
sad there Los Vegas it's Vegas there it
is it says it I
win is that French oh my god oh I got it
oh my goodness gracious had it with the
French French people I love your fries
even though they are Belgian but like
Belgian
waffles
funny what
what
what Prudence very true very true very
true very
true wait it's okay I'm sorry it's not
French everyone
relax it's not
France it's
definitely some places I do not feel
like trying to find on the
map wait is it like
okay I'm GNA cry that's fine don't open
via don't do
that it wasn't FRS everyone sto looking
at
me a she's embarrassed
guys
okay I'm
sensing we're in
a post
Soviet location
either Russia or one of its many little
ones that are
nearby that's just a normal URL no one
go
there I don't I don't know what's
there to everyone just now seeing
the I thought it was switzland cuz I
thought that was a Swiss flag don't
worry about
it see this is what the french do it's
like [__] you we're going to pretend
this is
Switzerland you can't tell look lots of
mountains oh it's Switzerland we're
cosplaying right now ha right and
they're just
like oh Corona this is where it was
invented I didn't realize it was a
car look at that nuke never mind no
Carona get
it uhhuh don't laugh okay
um this is in Russia and because it's in
Russia I am never going to find out
where it is and
so I'm going to say that it's like right
there I don't care oh it's fine it's
just on the other it's on the Eastern
side I would know that thank
you good job
Trixie okay
um okay we're in either Thailand
Indonesia or the Philippines and nowhere
in
between okay we're in Thailand wait
relax my brain wants to believe those
are the Thai Flags but I can't quite see
they have the proper colors but they're
very glossy and weird [__] it I'm going
to Thailand I don't care I don't care I
don't care I'm going to Thailand I don't
care I'm going to Thailand there it is
it's Cambodia oh they have the same
colors oh they're flat
oh it's okay it's fine that's great it's
okay it's
okay it's probably not even where is
what where is this it's beautiful I hate
it Switzer I'm so confused
wait this is an
island this is an island
place I'm like my this is destroying
wherever this is is destroying my brain
right
now bike pit
stop okay I think we're actually in
Switzerland
maybe wait I I swear to God I know where
we are
actually wait okay we're
like we're like right
here [__] yeah same thing same thing
really good though I [__] I [__]
know where this is you can't fool me I
know where this [__] is I know I know I
win I'm gaming I know where this is
you're gaming oh
no where am
I jump scare jump
scare no no no no no no no no no no this
is weird no no no no no no not the no no
no not the little not France no
why am I here friends
please why they have to be
France this reminds me of medic this is
giving me mad medic gu for three
Vibes that's Monaco not
France that's Monaco that's Monte Carlo
not France but the lady had the French
accent mon she say
non regret I can't pronounce it I don't
speak
Spanish or French
but I don't know where in Fran FR French
this is I don't care I'm just GNA go to
the raturi kingdom really
quickly probably is there like I swear
it is yeah it's literally in ratu's
Palace
no let me see the guy no let me
look H it's not a person that's a rip on
a piece of paper or is
beautiful or
orang
orange
orange or hey Apple
what you know yeah cry about it okay now
on Cartoon
Network have a good
college someone said hi bye I'm off to
college they're off to college and
they're going to have a really Exquisite
College yeah it was in ratat tuli's
Palace what is
this I don't know what's going
on okay no no no no no there's there's
there's too much happening here give me
a moment what is going on no let me
look let me look at
it is this France again is this France
again is this France again is this
France again is this France
again is this is this is this
it was in
franch this seems like a great place to
put a
Chuck-E-Cheese yeah wait I am
here this is my
home what are you I missed it oregano
I love
oregano do you really
yeah wait
wait do you know where this is I think
this is literally
like
right what did it say
53 there's beaver and beaver
10 I actually have no idea where I
am someone's just like oh my [__] god
it's Oregon
everyone run everyone run away from this
location West Lake T
Campground that wasn't
funny but
was but I laughed at it
yes yep
yep yeah
there's a place called Fort Rock and I
wish they named it something else
fortnite that's not
funny you laughed really hard it's
not you laughed so loud it isn't I
promise it literally is
not why is there a place called London
Springs put that back in Britain
get
like anything close to France is like
away go
that I'm pretty sure everyone knows I
live in Oregon but it's okay now you
know tsunami Hazard Zone okay what is
going on is this Coastal
what in the
balls I'm so
confused silt chis
river
why I don't know where that is do I look
like someone who knows where that
is Maybe
oh wait the oh found
it I found it
yippe yipp
K all right there it is that was the
best game by far 22,000 25 good job good
job all right I'm going to do one more
and then that's the stream for
today there's a Paris Oregon there's
also a Paris Texas
this is chunk world
sorry oh oh wait go back
what it just scared me what oh my God I
don't know why it just like it looks
like a map that hasn't loaded
yet it's the [__] back rooms in real
life Edition it's like Stanley parallel
okay this is this is
silly this is the silly Zone what
what is this goofy little world that
we're
in it's kind of pretty but it could also
be hell zone so I don't know feels very
lonely okay
okay okay help help
me take me go
what thank God I'm
ready
where help help me this is not helping
the amount of places that speak Spanish
in this world it does not narrow down
this location very
much it's really pretty though there's a
tourist location I'm like going through
every emotion I can have right
now I'm like accepting and then in
denial I don't know who you are but I'm
ready to fight
you I find it really funny when you can
see like people on the side of the road
who are very clearly like what is
that this is probably in Spain like
Spain proper
wait okay wait a
second I'm losing my [__] mind over
this my I want to be
like could it be
could it
be could this be somewhere
interesting somewhere a little bit on
the goofy side of
things I like that
roundabout it's probably still
Spain it's not Bor ordering Brazil
everything is
McDonald's everything is
McDonald's I need I require so much help
where are
we this is really
intense this feels Mediterranean I want
to say it's Spain but I don't know
oh I feel it's on the Mediterranean side
of
Spain and it kind of feels like an
island to me this feels like it's not
Mainland like it could be over here
instead
if I could get a good vantage point
which I know I won't be able
to I think this is an island my brain
says this is an
island I don't
know I don't know either
I don't know where this is I think I'm
ready to fail now I'm just going there
who
cares oi
oh found it I
guess oh well
okay
where this place is
really Town
Country very true very very
true I'm also quite the big fan of Town
Country oh we're in here I suppose we
are
what do you have to say to
me did you hear K yeah I
did my
roommate the [__] the [__] is this where
are we I don't even
know how Preparatory
School some New England sounding
name people are
saying no that was for the other one
never mind yeah not
F the stop signs look vaguely American
but not American enough to be American
Trixie look at the chat I don't know why
but the the unamed channel last name
with no icon saying I can't stop
thinking about the joke Bart Simpson
rude is terrifying to me
well I mean once you hear it for the
first time it's really hard to
forget once you know the joke of him
it's really difficult you know to ever
go back please tell me that this place
is called Harvard it's this Harvard
Street we're on Harvard
Street yeah I'm going to Harvard guys
cor's going to Harvard and
Yale what is what are they doing walking
Eden what does it what does it look like
they're doing right
now so this this is a human behavior
known as
walking I'm
sorry quick upholstery dress
maker repairs and
services
chainsaws secondhand
chop for all your secondhand needs the
garage sale
someone said Australia maybe this is not
Australia at
all that's a guarantee that's a
promise okay non
America happy to now Clear Channel last
name you're so valid chicken okay wait I
actually want to go here so
bad that looks good as hell it looks
like like kind of bad but like in a good
way Champion chicken okay where am I I
want to go here
now it's literally just like chicken
just fried chicken like this is this
place is for
me chicken
City honcho's flame grilled chicken
literally this place I just need to go
here and just eat
food I'm interested to see oh nandas
nand literally so much
chicken I need to go here so
badly okay
okay
um South Africa yeah I think so cuz I
sawt
co.ca which I'm pretty sure is the
domain for South
Africa I guess we have to go to South
Africa I need to try this [__]
immediately yes we are definitely 100%
in South Africa for certain now Howick
Howick
Falls where would this
be it's definitely like I feel like it's
away from the Dutch part
but I don't know where where is away
from the Dutch
part because everything's kind of the
Dutch
part
hock hock I mean that could still be
Dutch that actually doesn't help at
all I'm kind of determined to find out
where exactly this is
I'm not even kidding I want to go here
so badly just to try all the Fried
Chicken there's like literally four
places at once I feel like you'd really
like build
Hong what's that it's um like South
African dried meat oh it's kind of like
beef jerky but it's way nicer in my op
it's beef jerky but good instead I like
beef jerky I think kind of
but beef jerky I makes me makes me like
I want to bite
it build tongs like spicier okay well
that's good yeah you would really like
it it's very
good the weather here is not as
Extreme as you might expect and some of
part some of the parts of South Africa
like this seems very like
temperate I do not know where in the
country this
is because it feels moderate it could be
like
Central you not quite Coastal and not
quite towards the borders
either how
definitely called ho I think we know
that for sure
now oh bring it stack it store it or
sell
it huh what are you saying just that
Taxi dermy place looks like the setting
for like a scary novel or
something it's the Goosebumps film
okay I'm going to make an educated guest
based on the geography itself and I'm
just going to say it's like Grand in
here okay I lose
oh well you were you were close I think
there's hock
considering okay gotta go to hock
then
oh good
luck good luck
I actually already have a few
guesses of which I feel like there is a
correct answer actually you know
what all right I'm going to lay it I'm
going to lay it down here this is either
Iceland or Norway nowhere in between and
I'm saying Iceland I don't even care
we're doing
it
yes good job
someone was like this is going to be
rough they talking about the South
Africa one they were talking about the
South Africa one oh
okay oh no they're talking about they're
talking about their game of D oh oh fair
enough fair enough good
luck I'm I'm
sorry thank you yeah you better
apologize you do you know what this
person is
doing I'm
sorry I'm sorry everybody she's bullying
me everyone's asking if Gatorade is made
in
Iceland by everyone me I mean I saw one
message in chat that asked
that but it's a really intense question
it really feels like
everyone when Lumi your Pony speaks it
feels like everybody's
speaking I want to say this is like
Brazil and just be done with
it I love it with the no science
anywhere I love
this help somebody just said respect
I don't know I don't want to guess this
one this one's so
look Gatorade is made by me
I do not have any con plans this year
no okay I give up on this one I don't
care here go Brazil thank you it's bra
it's it's I'm sorry it's Argentina
everyone be happy for me I'm happy for
you yay good
job what does
this
pretty oh they think they're really
funny is what they think they are they
think they can put down a sign and think
it's like a
sign oh I've seen this place in Euro
Truck
Simulator yeah
you good
morning good morning sleepy
head excited about Gatorade 2022
I'm really
excited unfortunately my heart tells
this play tells me this place is
France but my brain says it's the Czech
Republic
help help you should incorporate
Gatorade into
um pineapple Joseph yeah pineapple
flavored
Gatorade could it be front three
is what pixel rainbow said well I am
pleased to tell you that the person who
selected this location is going to
hell what Gatorade is
made where they can have bitter Mountain
Rush they can finally have the bitter
Mountain Rush
Gatorade now I want k r
wait there was a single words
displayed and it's
France yep be K mamaa and
such okay take it away Penny do the go
over
here take it away
Penny yay
think good job
Trixie
yeah you're welcome
yes
yes uhhuh okay um that's
stream thank you everyone for coming to
our stream thank I had fun
drawing I'm sure Trixie had fun guessing
I had fun
guessing and making music doing
beautiful music like she always
does MHM good
work okay hope you all have a lovely
rest of your night I I can put this on
screen cuz like I don't know if
everyone's going to catch up to this
ending part so I'm just going to leave
this up for a little bit I'll be like
oh good this
thing oh yes
gotta can they still hear them yeah they
can still
hear yeah everybody go follow all all of
violet P's social media accounts I won't
do that again I promise thank you you're
welcome this is really a walk in the
park okay it's definitely on I think
it's very easy to tell we're both
tired both feeling it right now Mr Krabs
the Stream